Add example for python function (#70)
streamnative/examples: functions/python/README.md

> # python-function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Python function
```

> This is an example of how to use the python function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example describes how to use the Python function.
```

> ## Project Structure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Project structure
```

```
python_function
├── __init__.py
├── custom_object_function.py
└── pyserde
    ├── __init__.py
    └── serde.py
```

> In python, if a folder contains `__init__` file, we call it a package, python_function and pyserde are both packages. Compressing `python_function` directory will generate `python_function.zip`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Python, if a folder contains `__init__` file, it is a package, and python_function and pyserde are both packages. Compressing `python_function` directory generate s`python_function.zip`.
```

## How to use

> 

Reviewer 2: This section describes how to use the Python function.

> ### Start pulsar standalone

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Start Pulsar in standalone mode
```

> 

Reviewer 2: This example shows how to start Pulsar in Docker.

```
docker run -d -it \
    -p 6650:6650 \
    -p 8080:8080 \
    --name pulsar-standalone \
    apachepulsar/pulsar-all:2.7.1 \
    bin/pulsar standalone
```

> ### Start python function by use zip package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Start Python function

This example shows how to start Python function through a ZIP package.
```

```
./bin/pulsar-admin functions create \
    --tenant public   --namespace default   --name my_function \
    --py /YOUR-PATH/python_function.zip \
    --classname python_function.custom_object_function.CustomObjectFunction \
    --custom-serde-inputs '{"input-topic-1":"python_function.pyserde.serde.CustomSerDe","input-topic-2":"python_function.pyserde.serde.CustomSerDe"}' \
    --output-serde-classname python_function.pyserde.serde.CustomSerDe \
    --output output-topic-3
```

> Replace `YOUR-PATH` with your file path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace the `YOUR-PATH` parameter with your file path.
```

> ### Run produce and consume

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Run producer and consumer

This example shows how to run a producer and a consumer.
```
